#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
accelerate==0.20.3
    # via -r requirements.in
aiofiles==23.2.1
    # via gradio
altair==5.5.0
    # via gradio
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.8.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   starlette
attrs==24.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
contourpy==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
fastapi==0.109.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
ffmpy==0.5.0
    # via gradio
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
fonttools==4.55.4
    # via matplotlib
fsspec==2024.12.0
    # via
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
gradio==4.19.2
    # via -r requirements.in
gradio-client==0.10.1
    # via gradio
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==0.17.3
    # via httpx
httpx==0.24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
huggingface-hub==0.27.1
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
importlib-resources==6.5.2
    # via gradio
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via
    #   altair
    #   gradio
    #   torch
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via altair
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   jinja2
matplotlib==3.10.0
    # via gradio
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
narwhals==1.23.0
    # via altair
networkx==3.4.2
    # via torch
nltk==3.9.1
    # via sentence-transformers
numpy==1.24.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   contourpy
    #   gradio
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
orjson==3.10.15
    # via gradio
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   altair
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   matplotlib
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.3
    # via gradio
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   matplotlib
    #   torchvision
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via -r requirements.in
psutil==6.1.1
    # via accelerate
pydantic==2.10.5
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via pydantic
pydub==0.25.1
    # via gradio
pygments==2.19.1
    # via rich
pyparsing==3.2.1
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via gradio
pytz==2024.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   gradio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
referencing==0.36.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
rich==13.9.4
    # via typer
rpds-py==0.22.3
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruff==0.9.2
    # via gradio
safetensors==0.5.2
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.15.1
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via gradio
sentence-transformers==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sentencepiece==0.2.0
    # via sentence-transformers
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
starlette==0.35.1
    # via fastapi
sympy==1.13.1
    # via torch
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.15.2
    # via transformers
tomlkit==0.12.0
    # via gradio
torch==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.20.1
    # via sentence-transformers
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.36.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
typer[all]==0.15.1
    # via gradio
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   anyio
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   torch
    #   typer
tzdata==2024.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
websockets==11.0.3
    # via gradio-client
